I used to be a
respected scientist.
I had my name on
the sides of buildings.
Now, I got this.
Well, you wanted a
smaller quantum tunnel.
This is... smaller.
Oh. Sorry.
My bad.
Ah, I think it has flair.
All right.
Control's online.
The collection unit activates
when you decouple it.
It should automatically
start absorbing
quantum healing particles.
Also, make sure you stay
out of the tardigrade fields.
They're cute,
but they'll eat you.
And don't get sucked
into a time vortex.
We won't be able to save you.
Okay.
Going subatomic in five...
four...
three...
two...
one.
All right, Scott,
this is a mic check.
Mic check, one, two. One, two.
How's everybody doing
tonight in the quantum realm?
Scott, we read you.
I just wanna make sure.
Okay.
Healing particles secured
for our new Ghost friend.
Great.
Preparing for re-entry in...
five, four, three...
Hello?
Ha, ha. Very funny.
Hank, quit screwing around.
You told me yourself
not to screw around.
Hank?
Hope?
Janet.
Guys.
Okay, seriously,
don't joke around.
Bring me up, let's go.
Guys!
Still no word from Stark?
No, not yet.
We're watching every satellite
on both hemispheres,
but still nothing.
What is it?
Multiple bogeys over Wakanda.
Same energy
signature as New York?
Ten times bigger.
Tell Klein we'll meet him at...
Nick! Nick!
They okay?
There's no one here.
Call Control.
Code red.
Nick.
Hill.
Oh, no.
Mother...
This is a nightmare.
I've had better nightmares.
Hey.
So, that thing just stopped
doing whatever
the hell it was doing.
What do we got?
Whatever signal it was
sending finally crapped out.
I thought we
bypassed the battery.
We did.
It's still plugged in.
It just stopped.
Reboot it.
Send the signal again.
We don't even know what this is.
Fury did.
Just do it, please.
You tell me the second
you get a signal.
I wanna know who's on
the other end of that thing.
Where's Fury?
You don't need to do that.
Because, uh, you're
just holding the position.
Oh, yeah.
That was close.
That's a goal.
We are now one apiece.
I would like to try again.
We're tied up. Feel the tension?
It's fun.
That was terrible.
Now you have a chance to win.
And you've won.
Congratulations.
Fair game.
Good sport.
You have fun?
It was fun.
This thing on?
Hey, Miss Potts. Pep.
If you find this recording...
don't post it on social media.
It's gonna be a real tearjerker.
I don't know if you're
ever gonna see these.
I don't even know
if you're still...
Oh, God, I hope so.
Today's day 21.
No, uh, 22.
You know, if it wasn't
for the existential terror...
of staring into the
literal void of space,
I'd say I'm feeling
a little better today.
Infection's run its course,
thanks to the Blue
Meanie back there.
Oh, you'd love her.
Very practical.
Only a tiny bit sadistic.
So, the fuel cells were
cracked during battle...
and we figured out a way
to reverse the ion charge...
and bought ourselves
about 48 hours of flight time.
Uh, but it's now
dead in the water.
Thousand light years
from the nearest 7-Eleven.
Oxygen will run out
tomorrow morning...
and that'll be it.
Pep, I know I said
no more surprises...
but I gotta say I
was really hoping
to pull off one last one.
But it looks like...
Well, you know
what it looks like.
Don't feel bad about this.
I mean, actually, if you
grovel for a couple weeks...
and then move on
with enormous guilt...
I should probably
lie down for a minute.
Go rest my eyes.
Please know...
when I drift off, it'll be
like every night lately.
I'm fine. Totally fine.
I dream about you.
Because it's always you.
Couldn't stop him.
Neither could I.
Hang on.
I lost the kid.
Tony, we lost.
Is, uh...?
- Oh, good.
- Oh, my God!
Oh, my God!
It's okay.
It's been 23 days since
Thanos came to Earth.
World governments are in pieces.
The parts that
are still working...
...are trying to take a census
and it looks like he did...
He did exactly what he
said he was gonna do.
Thanos wiped out...
...50% of all living creatures.
Where is he now?
Where?
We don't know.
He just opened a portal
and walked through.
What's wrong with him?
Oh, he's pissed.
He thinks he failed.
Which, of course, he did...
but there's a lot of that
going around, ain't there?
Honestly, until
this exact second
I thought you were
a Build-A-Bear.
Maybe I am.
We've been hunting
Thanos for three weeks now.
Deep space scans...
and satellites,
and we got nothing.
Tony, you fought him.
Who told you that?
I didn't fight him.
No, he wiped my
face with a planet...
while the Bleecker
Street magician
gave away the store.
That's what happened.
There was no fight,
'cause he's not beatable.
Did he give you any clues,
any coordinates, anything?
Uh...
I saw this coming
a few years back.
I had a vision.
I didn't wanna believe it.
Thought I was dreaming.
Tony, I'm gonna
need you to focus.
And I needed you.
As in, past tense.
That trumps what you need.
It's too late, buddy.
Sorry.
You know what I need?
I need a shave.
And I believe I remember
telling all youse...
Tony, Tony!
...alive and otherwise,
that what we needed
was a suit of armor
around the world.
Remember that?
Whether it impacted our
precious freedoms or not.
That's what we needed.
Well, that didn't
work out, did it?
I said we'd lose.
You said, "We'll do
that together, too."
And guess what, Cap?
We lost.
And you weren't there.
But that's what we do, right?
Our best work after the fact?
We're the "Avengers."
We're the "Avengers,"
not the "Pre-vengers."
- Okay.
- Right?
You made your point.
Just sit down, okay?
Okay. No, no, here's my point.
You know what?
- She's great by the way.
- Tony, you're sick. Sit down.
We need you. You're new blood.
Bunch of tired old mules.
I got nothing for you, Cap.
I got no coordinates...
no clues, no
strategies, no options.
Zero. Zip. Nada.
No trust, liar.
Here, take this.
You find him,
you put that on...
you hide.
- Tony!
- I'm fine.
Let me...
Bruce gave him a sedative.
He's gonna probably be
out for the rest of the day.
You guys take care of him...
and I'll bring him a Xorrian
elixir when I come back.
Where are you going?
To kill Thanos.
Hey.
You know, we usually
work as a team here...
and, uh, between you and
I, morale's a little fragile.
We realize up there
is more your territory,
but this is our fight, too.
You even know where he is?
I know people who might.
Don't bother.
I can tell you where Thanos is.
Thanos spent a long
time trying to perfect me.
And when he worked, he
talked about his Great Plan.
Even disassembled, I
wanted to please him.
I'd ask...
where would we go once
his plan was complete?
And his answer was
always the same.
"To the Garden."
That's cute.
Thanos has a retirement plan.
So, where is he?
When Thanos
snapped his fingers...
Earth became ground
zero for a power surge
of ridiculously
cosmic proportions.
No one's ever
seen anything like it.
Until two days ago...
on this planet.
Thanos is there.
He used the stones again.
Hey, hey, hey.
We'd be going in
shorthanded, you know?
Look, he's still got
the stones, so...
So, let's get 'em.
Use them to bring everyone back.
Just like that?
Yeah. Just like that.
Even if there's a small chance
that we can undo this...
I mean, we owe it to everyone
who's not in this room to try.
If we do this, how do we know
it's gonna end any
differently than it did before?
Because before
you didn't have me.
Hey, new girl?
Everybody in this room is
about that superhero life.
And if you don't mind my asking,
where the hell have
you been all this time?
There are a lot of other
planets in the universe.
And unfortunately, they
didn't have you guys.
I like this one.
Let's go get this
son of a bitch.
Okay.
Who here hasn't been to space?
Why?
You better not
throw up on my ship.
Approaching jump in three...
two, one.
I'll head down for recon.
This is gonna work, Steve.
I know it will.
'Cause I don't know what
I'm gonna do if it doesn't.
No satellites.
No ships. No armies.
No ground defenses of any kind.
It's just him.
And that's enough.
Oh, no.
Where are they?
Answer the question.
The universe
required correction.
After that, the stones
served no purpose...
beyond temptation.
You murdered trillions!
You should be grateful.
Where are the stones?
Gone.
Reduced to atoms.
You used them two days ago!
I used the stones
to destroy the stones.
It nearly killed me.
But the work is done.
It always will be.
I am inevitable.
We have to tear this place apart.
He has to be lying!
My father is many things.
A liar is not one of them.
Ah.
Thank you, daughter.
Perhaps I treated
you too harshly.
What?
What did you do?
I went for the head.
So...
...I, uh, went on a
date the other day.
It's the first time
in five years.
You know?
I'm sitting there at dinner.
I didn't even know
what to talk about.
What did you talk about?
Eh, same old crap.
You know, how things have changed.
My job, his job.
How much we miss the Mets.
And then things got quiet...
then he cried as they
were serving the salads.
What about you?
I cried just before dessert.
But I'm seeing him
again tomorrow, so...
That's great.
You did the hardest part.
You took the jump.
You didn't know where
you were gonna come down.
And that's it.
That's those little
brave baby steps
we gotta take...
to try and become whole
again, try and find purpose.
I went in the ice in '45,
right after I met
the love of my life.
Woke up 70 years later.
You gotta move on.
Gotta move on.
The world is in our hands.
It's left to us, guys.
And we gotta do
something with it.
Otherwise...
Thanos should've
killed all of us.
What the hell?
Hope?
Kid!
Hey, kid!
What the hell happened here?
Oh, my God!
Oh, please!
Please, please!
No, no, no. No.
No.
Excuse me. Sorry.
Oh, Cassie, no.
No, no, no.
No, no.
Please, please, please.
No, Cassie.
What?
Cassie?
Dad?
You're so big!
Yeah. We boarded
that highly-suspect
warship Danvers pinged.
It was an infectious
garbage scow.
So, thanks for the hot tip.
Well, you were closer.
Yeah. And now we
smell like garbage.
You get a reading
on those tremors?
'Twas a mild subduction
under the African plate.
Do we have a visual?
How are we handling it?
Nat.
It's an earthquake
under the ocean.
We handle it by not handling it.
Carol, are we seeing
you here next month?
Not likely.
What? You gonna
get another haircut?
Listen, fur face.
I'm covering a lot of territory.
The things that are
happening on Earth
are happening everywhere.
On thousands of planets.
All right, all right.
That's a good point.
So, you might not
see me for a long time.
All right. Uh, well...
This channel's always active.
So, if anything goes sideways...
anyone's making trouble
where they shouldn't...
comes through me.
Okay.
All right.
Good luck.
Where are you?
Mexico.
The Federales found
a room full of bodies.
Looks like a bunch
of cartel guys...
never even had a chance
to get their guns off.
It's probably a rival gang.
Except it isn't.
It's definitely Barton.
What he's done here...
what he's been doing
for the last few years...
I mean, the
scene that he left...
I gotta tell you,
there's a part of me that
doesn't even wanna find him.
Will you find out
where he's going next?
Nat?
Please?
Okay.
You know, I'd offer
to cook you dinner...
but you seem pretty
miserable already.
You here to do your laundry?
And to see a friend.
Clearly, your friend is fine.
You know, I saw a pod of whales
when I was coming
over the bridge.
- In the Hudson?
- There's fewer ships...
cleaner water.
You know, if you're
about to tell me
to look on the bright side...
Um...
I'm about to hit you in the head
with a peanut butter sandwich.
Hmm.
Sorry.
Force of habit.
You know, I keep
telling everybody
they should move on...
and grow.
Some do.
But not us.
If I move on, who does this?
Maybe it doesn't
need to be done.
I used to have nothing.
And then I got this.
This job.
This family.
And I was better because of it.
And even though they're gone...
I'm still trying to be better.
I think we both
need to get a life.
You first.
Oh, hi, hi!
Uh, is anyone home?
This is, uh, Scott Lang.
We met a few years
ago at the airport...
in Germany?
I was the guy that got really big.
I had a mask on.
- You wouldn't recognize me.
- Is this an old message?
Ant-Man?
I know you know that.
It's the front gate.
I really need to
talk to you guys.
Scott.
Are you okay?
Yeah.
Have either of you guys
ever studied quantum physics?
Only to make conversation.
All right, so...
five years ago, right before...
Thanos...
I was in a place called
the quantum realm.
The quantum realm is like
its own microscopic universe.
To get in there,
you have to be incredibly small.
Hope. She's my, um...
She was my...
She was supposed to pull me out.
And then Thanos happened...
and I got stuck in there.
I'm sorry, that must have
been a very long five years.
Yeah, but that's just it.
It wasn't.
For me, it was five hours.
See, the rules of
the quantum realm
aren't like they are up here.
Everything is unpredictable.
Is that anybody's sandwich?
I'm starving.
Scott.
What are you talking about?
So...
what I'm saying is...
time works differently
in the quantum realm.
The only problem is right now
we don't have a
way to navigate it.
But what if we did?
I can't stop thinking about it.
What if we could somehow
control the chaos...
and we could navigate it?
What if there was a way...
that we could enter
the quantum realm
at a certain point in time...
but then exit the quantum realm
at another point in time?
Like...
- Like before Thanos.
- Wait.
Are you talking
about a time machine?
No. No, of course not.
No, not a time machine.
This is more like a...
Yeah. Like a time machine.
I know, it's crazy. It's crazy.
But I can't stop
thinking about it.
There's gotta be...
some way...
- It's crazy.
- Scott.
I get emails from a raccoon...
so nothing sounds crazy anymore.
So, who do we
talk to about this?
Chow time!
Maguna.
Morgan H. Stark,
you want some lunch?
Define "lunch"
- or be disintegrated.
- Okay.
You should not be
wearing that, okay?
That is part of a
special anniversary gift
I'm making for Mom.
There you go.
You thinking about lunch?
I can give you a handful of
crickets on a bed of lettuce.
- No.
- That's what you want.
How did you find this?
- Garage.
- Really?
- Were you looking for it?
- No.
- I found it, though.
- Hmm.
You like going in
the garage, huh?
So does Daddy.
It's fine, actually.
Mom never wears anything I buy her.
So, I'm gonna...
No. We know
what it sounds like.
Tony, after everything
you've seen,
is anything really impossible?
Quantum fluctuation messes
with the Planck scale...
which then triggers
the Deutsch Proposition.
Can we agree on that?
Thank you.
In layman's terms, it means
you're not coming home.
- I did.
- No.
You accidentally survived.
It's a billion-to-one
cosmic fluke.
And now you wanna pull a...
What do you call it?
A time heist?
Yeah, a time heist.
Of course.
Why didn't we
think of this before?
Oh, because it's laughable.
Because it's a pipe dream.
The stones are in the past.
We could go back,
we could get them.
We can snap our own fingers.
We can bring everybody back.
Or screw it up worse
than he already has, right?
I don't believe we would.
Gotta say it.
I sometimes miss that giddy optimism.
However, high
hopes won't help...
if there's no
logical, tangible way
for me to safely
execute said time heist.
I believe the most
likely outcome
will be our collective demise.
Not if we strictly follow
the rules of time travel.
All right? It means
no talking to our past selves...
no betting on sporting events.
I'm gonna stop you
right there, Scott.
Are you seriously telling me
that your plan to
save the universe...
is based on Back to the Future?
- Is it?
- No.
Good. You had me worried there.
'Cause that would be horseshit.
That's not how
quantum physics works.
Tony.
We have to take a stand.
We did stand.
And yet, here we are.
I know you got
a lot on the line.
You got a wife,
a daughter.
But I lost someone
very important to me.
A lotta people did.
And now, now we have a
chance to bring her back...
to bring everyone back,
and you're telling me
that you won't even...
That's right, Scott.
I won't even.
I can't.
Mommy told me to
come and save you.
Good job. I'm saved.
I wish you were coming
here to ask me something else.
Anything else.
I'm honestly happy to
see you guys, I just...
Oh, look, the
table's set for six.
Tony. I get it.
And I'm happy for you.
I really am.
But this is a second chance.
I got my second
chance right here, Cap.
Can't roll the dice on it.
If you don't talk shop,
you can stay for lunch.
Well, he's scared.
He's not wrong.
Yeah, but, I mean,
what are we gonna do?
We need him.
What, are we gonna stop?
No, I wanna do it right.
We're gonna need
a really big brain.
Bigger than his?
Come on, I feel like I'm
the only one eating here.
Try some of that.
Have some eggs.
I'm so confused.
These are confusing times.
Right, no, no.
That's not what I meant.
Nah, I get it. I'm kidding!
I know, it's crazy.
I'm wearing shirts now.
Yeah. What? How? Why?
Five years ago, we
got our asses beat.
Except it was worse for me...
'cause I lost twice.
First, Hulk lost,
then Banner lost...
and then, we all lost.
No one blamed you, Bruce.
I did.
For years, I've been
treating the Hulk
like he's some
kind of disease...
something to get rid of.
But then, I start looking
at him as the cure.
Eighteen months
in the gamma lab.
I put the brains and
the brawn together...
and now, look at me.
Best of both worlds.
- Excuse me, Mr. Hulk?
- Yes.
Can we get a photo?
100%, little person.
Come on, step on up.
Do you mind?
- Oh, yeah, yeah.
- Thanks.
Say "green."
- Green.
Did you get that?
That's a good one.
Did you want to grab one with me?
I'm Ant-Man.
They're Hulk fans.
They don't know Ant-Man.
- Nobody does.
- No, he wants you to take
- a picture with him.
- I don't want a picture.
Stranger danger.
Yeah, look, he's even
saying no, he doesn't.
I get it.
I don't want it, either.
But come on. The kid...
I don't want a
picture with them.
- He's gonna feel bad.
- Sorry.
They're happy to do it.
They said they'll do it.
- I don't want to do it.
- We can do it.
- No, you feel bad.
- Take the goddamn phone.
Okay.
Thank you, Mr. Hulk.
No, it was great, kids.
Thank you very much.
Hulk out!
Bruce.
Dab.
- Bruce.
- Listen to your mom.
She knows better.
About what we were saying.
Right.
The whole time travel do-over?
Eh, guys, it's outside
of my area of expertise.
Well, you pulled this off.
I remember a time when that
seemed pretty impossible, too.
I've got a mild inspiration.
I'd like to see
if it checks out.
So, I'd like to run one last sim
before we pack
it in for the night.
This time, in the
shape of a Mobius strip,
inverted, please.
Processing.
Right, give me the
eigenvalue of that particle...
factoring in spectral decomp.
- That'll take a second.
- Just a moment.
And don't worry if it doesn't pan out.
I'm just kinda...
Model rendered.
Shit!
What are you
doing up, little miss?
- Shit.
- Nope. We don't say that.
Only Mommy says that word.
She coined it.
It belongs to her.
Why are you up?
'Cause I've got some
important shit going on here!
Why do you think?
No, I got something on my mind.
I got something on my mind.
Was it juice pops?
Sure was.
That's extortion.
That's a word.
What kind you want?
Great minds think alike.
Juice pops exactly...
was on my mind.
You done? Yeah?
Now you are.
Here. Wipe.
Good.
That face goes there.
Tell me a story.
A story.
Once upon a time,
Maguna went to bed. The end.
That is a horrible story.
Come on, that's
your favorite story.
Love you tons.
I love you 3,000.
Wow.
3,000.
That's crazy.
Go to bed or
I'll sell all your toys.
Night night.
Not that it's a competition...
but she loves me 3,000.
Does she, now?
You were somewhere
in the low 6 to 900 range.
Whatcha reading?
Just a book on composting.
What's new with composting?
- Interesting science...
- I figured it out.
By the way.
And, you know,
just so we're talking
about the same thing...
Time travel.
What?
Wow.
That's amazing...
and terrifying.
That's right.
We got really lucky.
Yeah.
I know.
A lot of people didn't.
Nope.
And I can't help everybody.
Sorta seems like you can.
Not if I stop.
I can put a pin in it
right now and stop.
Tony...
trying to get you to stop...
has been one of the few
failures of my entire life.
Something tells me...
I should put it in a lockbox
and drop it to the
bottom of the lake...
and go to bed.
But would you be able to rest?
Okay, here we go.
Time travel test number one.
Scott, fire up...
the, uh, van thing.
Breakers are set.
Emergency generators
are on standby.
Good, because if
we blow the grid,
I don't want to lose, uh,
Tiny here in the 1950s.
- Excuse me?
- He's kidding.
You can't say things like that.
It was a bad joke.
You were kidding, right?
I have no idea.
We're talking about time travel here.
Either it's all a joke,
or none of it is.
We're good!
Get your helmet on.
Scott, I'm gonna send
you back a week...
let you walk around for an hour,
then bring you
back in 10 seconds.
Make sense?
Perfectly not confusing.
Good luck, Scott.
You got this.
You're right.
I do, Captain America.
On a count of three...
Three, two, one.
Uh... Guys?
This doesn't feel right.
What is this?
- What's going on?
- Who is that?
- Hold on.
- Is that Scott?
Yes, it's Scott.
- What's going on, Bruce?
- Oh, my back!
- What is this?
- Hold on a second.
Could I get a little space here?
Yeah, yeah, yeah.
Can you bring him back?
I'm working on it.
It's a baby.
- It's Scott.
- As a baby.
- He'll grow.
- Bring Scott back.
When I say kill the power,
kill the power.
Oh, my God.
And... kill it!
Somebody peed my pants.
Oh, thank God.
But I don't know if it
was baby me or old me.
Or just me me.
Time travel!
What?
I see this as an absolute win.
Why the long face?
Let me guess, he
turned into a baby.
Among other things, yeah.
What are you doing here?
It's the EPR Paradox.
Instead of pushing
Lang through time,
you might've wound up...
pushing time through Lang.
It's tricky, dangerous.
Somebody could have
cautioned you against it.
You did.
Oh, did I?
Well, thank God I'm here.
Regardless, I fixed it.
A fully functioning
time-space GPS.
I just want peace.
Turns out resentment
is corrosive, and I hate it.
Me, too.
We got a shot at
getting these stones,
but I gotta tell
you my priorities.
Bring back what
we lost, I hope, yes.
Keep what I found,
I have to, at all costs.
And maybe not die trying.
Would be nice.
Sounds like a deal.
Tony, I don't know.
Why?
He made it for you.
Plus, honestly, I have
to get it out of the garage
before Morgan takes it sledding.
Thank you, Tony.
Will you keep
that a little quiet?
Didn't bring one
for the whole team.
We are getting the
whole team, yeah?
We're working on that right now.
Hey, Humie.
Where's Big Green?
The kitchen, I think.
That's awesome.
Rhodey, careful on re-entry.
There's an idiot in
the landing zone.
Oh, God.
What's up, Regular-Sized Man?
Kind of a step down
from the golden palaces
and the magic
hammers and whatnot.
Hey, have a little
compassion, pal.
First, they lost Asgard,
then half their people.
They're probably just
happy to have a home.
You shouldn't have come.
Ah!
Valkyrie!
Great to see you, angry girl!
I think I liked you better
either of the other ways.
- This is Rocket.
- How ya doing?
He won't see you.
It's that bad, huh?
We only see him once a month
when he comes in for "supplies."
It's that bad.
Yeah.
What the...?
Whew!
Something died in here!
Hello?
Thor!
Are you here about the cable?
The Cinemax went out
two weeks ago...
and the sports are all
kinda fuzzy and whatnot.
Thor?
Boys!
Oh, my God!
Oh, my God, it's
so good to see you!
Come here, cuddly little rascal.
Yeah, no, I'm good. I'm good.
That's not necessary.
Hulk, you know my friends
Miek and Korg, right?
- Hey, boys!
- Hey, guys.
Long time no see.
Beer's in the bucket.
Feel free to log
on to the Wi-Fi.
No password, obviously.
Thor, he's back.
That kid on the TV just
called me a dickhead again.
Noobmaster.
Yeah, NoobMaster69
called me a dickhead.
I am sick of this.
Noobmaster, hey,
it's Thor again.
You know, the God of Thunder.
Listen, bud, if you don't
log off this game immediately...
I am gonna fly
over to your house,
come down to that
basement you're hiding in...
rip off your arms, and
shove them up your butt!
Oh, that's right, yes!
Go cry to your father,
you little weasel.
Thank you, Thor.
Let me know if he
bothers you again, okay?
Thank you very much. I will.
So, you guys want a drink?
What are we drinking?
I've got beer, tequila,
all sorts of things.
Buddy.
- You all right?
- Yes, I'm fine. Why?
Why, don't I look all right?
You look like melted ice cream.
So, what's up?
You just here for a hang, or what?
- We need your help.
- Mm.
There might be a chance
we could fix everything.
What, like the cable?
'Cause that's been driving
me bananas for weeks.
Like Thanos.
Don't say that name.
Um, yeah, we don't actually
say that name in here.
Please take your hand off me.
Now, I know that guy...
might scare you.
Why would I be...?
Why would I be
scared of that guy?
I'm the one who killed
that guy, remember?
Hmm.
Anyone else here kill that guy?
Nope.
Didn't think so.
Korg, why don't you,
uh, tell everybody
who chopped
Thanos' big head off?
Um, Stormbreaker?
Who was swinging Stormbreaker?
I get it.
You're in a rough spot, okay?
I've been there myself.
And you want to know
who helped me out of it?
Was it Natasha?
It was you.
You helped me.
So, why don't you ask...
the Asgardians down there...
how much my help is worth?
The ones that are left, anyway.
I think we could
bring them back.
Stop.
Stop, okay?
I know you think I'm down here
wallowing in my own self-pity...
waiting to be
rescued and saved...
but I'm fine, okay.
We're fine, aren't we?
Oh, we're good here, mate.
So, whatever it is that you're
offering, we're not into it.
Don't care. Couldn't care less.
Goodbye.
We need you, pal.
There's beer on the ship.
What kind?